I agree with Mario, we can submit what we have now. 
Brianne, I will be appreciate if you can help put everything together, 
and submit it to the server. 
I will submit one copy right now (at 10:00pm) in case you did not see my message. Anything you submit after 10:00pm will replace my submission. 
-------Yi


I didnt even think about the exit of the shell when coding, so I am sure I have a memory leak in the program that I didn't
close. I think the seaching might be better off if we combine the files together to make them a little more together. I am 
running on the end of my battery but I will make a combined file, and put it up there, along with a v2 of the other files 
so we can have a smaller number of files to seach through. I am running on low battery, I didn't have a chance to get my
charger. I will put my computer to sleep now, and check back in a bit, to see where we are - Mario

another issue, starting the shell, type anything and press enter, repeat n times,
then exit command need to enter n+1 times to exit shell
------------Yi

looking into path() function, is there a declaration for variable path_name?
my bad, found it in flop.h
-----Yi

I'm really glad it worked out, I didn't test as far as you did, I tried to post it so it would work out. It might be a good
idea to take some of the files and combine them so they aren't scattered so much, sort of how part 1 fell together. I'm glad
you were able to find areas that didn't work, because we all know that he will find them after we turn everything in. If you
are putting toghether the headers, my student ID is 2478702. - Mario

Thanks! Mario, I just test your code for part 2, mostly all right, 
I think we are in good shape right now.

one issue is that any commands other than build in commands, 
search in path array to find file destination, what I found is that,
code only read the first element in path array, that is, if path is /bin:/dev,
all system command work, but for path: /dev:/bin, all system commands not work.

another minor issue, when shell did not find the correct file name, 
there is no warning, just return to prompt, but this is a minor issue,
does not affect integrity of code 
I am doing more test now.
--------Yi


I just noticed, as soon as I got home, that I left my computer charger at CSU. 
I might go back and pick it up after 6pm, 
I also have some battery life available for a few hours. 
I will keep checking in to see what you both think of what I wrote,
as I am not sure how to do this any other way. 
I think I am to my extent on part 2, but if either of you have any suggestion
on the code, let me know. I think it needs to be cleaned up a bit, 
and maybe made to be more time effective. If we need to 
do any major revisions, I will have to get my charger and go from there. 
I will keep looking on here to see what either of 
you need. -Mario

The code I sent to you is only for the purpose of part 1, 
because at the time when I wrote the code, I did not understand part 2 yet.

now I am working on part2, get an idea about the whole architecture of the project
first, in main we need a infinite loop, reading input, store in a 2-D array
then, check for build in commands, 
if it is not build in command, fork(), execute in child process, using pathname from PATH array to look for the file

now I have problem with how to search in PATH array and give every pathname to exec(), to my understanding, 
I want to use while() loop to search PATH array, but I am not sure when I pass to exec(), 
whether the while loop is still running, without being replaced by exec();

another problem is the pipeline, did not have time to look into it.

--------------------------------------------Yi Aug 08 

I saw your e-mail, and I downloaded part one. I just put up a rough version of Main. I think it's way to commplicated, and
could become much easier. I also am not 100% that it meets everything for part 2, so please review it and tell me what, if
any, errors you get. It seems fine for me, but we will have to see what we can do with it. - Mario

Mario, I sent you an email, with the attachment of part 1, part 1 is done, we can work on part 2 now.
--------------Yi Aug 07

I just put everything together that I had, and I made three files for part 1. Run it and let me know what you think
about how it works. - Mario

I'm still working on the main file to run everything. I'll work on it more today, and see what I can come up with in the
next few hours. - Mario

I looked through Mario's code, making a lot of sense to me. 
However, when I tried to compile it, 
compiler gave me a lot of error messages which I even do not know the meaning.

Mario, could you please give me some advice, 
or what do you think about the rest of the part 2 ?
---------------Yi Aug 07,2016 Sunday



I added a few files that I have been working on. 
If you want to use them that's great! I think I am working more on part 2,
since I mostly understand how to do everything at once. 
Let me know, or modify the files as you see fit. 
I saw there was already a help portion in the one file, 
but I added the one I was working on. 
It might be easier to modify this file 
so we are all aware of what we are working on. - Mario

I added all the show files I was working on, 
because they are easier to get out of the way 
so we can get incorperate it in
our main file. I am working on a floppy file, 
but I will look into what has already been created. 
I am not sure if we can
add another section for what I have finished, 
which we can incorperate into whatever structure we choose for the project. 
As soon as I finish with my floppy file, I will upload it. - Mario

Made a branch where I also added my flop files. 
I left the previous files in the main file, but they can be removed, 
since they are duplicated in the branch I am working in now. - Mario